# General information

Date - 21/11/2025

Time - 16:45-17:30

Location - Drebbelweg, PC Hall 2

Chair - @lzajac

Minute Taker - @hiwabuchi

Expected attendees - @lzajac @hiwabuchi @teodormusat @gciobanu @kmartirosyan @emilieska

This is the first meeting, so I do not expect a lot to transpire, thus the length of the agenda reflects that.

## Notes

1. Introduction of today's agenda, and naming the chair and minute taker. (2 mins)
    - text
2. Check of approval of the agenda (does everyone accept the agenda) (1 min)
    - text
3. TA Announcements (10 min)
    - text
4. Git assignment (5 min)
    - text
5. Updates about the things done so far (trello board) (5 min)
    - text
6. TA Questions (7 min)
    - text
7. If the UI has made progress, we can view a quick demo (5 min)
    - text
8. Discuss [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) (5 min)
    - text
9. Q&A (\<10 min)
    - text
10. Division of tasks before the next private meeting (10-15 min)
    - text
11. An ending to the meeting, with a 20 second countdown during which anyone can still ask questions (resetting the countdown). (1 min)
    - text

## TA Questions

- Do fxml files count towards weekly LoC? / What does not count towards LoC?
    - text
- Can we add dependencies?
    - text
- Can a minute taker participate online? (Week 5 George)
    - text

